1.
ISSUE: Validation for command dtos is wrong - it returns values for no reason, then doesn't use them, which will cause bugs

SOLUTION: remove GetValidatedData(), make Validate return void, make queries use dto fields, not validation result fields

STATE: done

2. 
ISSUE: controllerurl has too many strings

SOLUTION: replace them with string objects received from path, then have them used and passed in backend

STATE: mostly done, i will want to replace more random strings with const   -------------------

3.
ISSUE: some parts of logic are not validated in core. this will be fixed with the client, but needs to be addressed in core as well

SOLUTION: fix the game, do it all at once when it is finished with clientless tests

STATE: fiest priority after fixing the game -----------------------------

4. 
ISSUE: new dictionary transport solution breaks the order in which the player has his cards

SOLUTION: implement a list of player cards. i thought about refactoring whole resources system to consist of list/dictionary of resource objects, so it could be done then. i am not sure if i'd like to have just list, or to have
both list and dictionary, one used for display, one used for costs

STATE: this stems from a design choice i made when i had no idea what was i doing and didn't think i'd actually reach unity phase. the next planned game won't have this issue, since resources work differently, so i am not sure
i want to be bothered with refactoring this whole system (resource models will be needed for the future games, but not really resource list), so i might ignore it

6.
ISSUE: controllers in Unity do too much

SOLUTION: once i move from hotseat i will need to separate global events from local (player-scoped), only global ones will be dealt by controllers subbing eventbus (robber moved, building placed, game-wide logs), the rest will
need to come from the player client. i will need to figure out how to take care of it including playerId, validation for phase specific use cases?

STATE: important, but not until i move to simultanous game (once the initial db is up and the game is playable) -----------------------------

7.
ISSUE: domainevents and uimessages are separated in the wrong way and it blocks fixing code

SOLUTION: core returns domainevents, application maps it to uimessages and sends it to the client

STATE: done and tested, works well. while doing this i also fixed initialization and turn + player displaying in the client

8.
ISSUE: use cases buildvillage and buildinitialvillage aren't good? i am not sure, will need to check it out, but perhaps i need to combine them into one and add a check inside to split them so that the client can't send a wrong
command

SOLUTION: either let them be or merge them and split on the backend side

STATE: to do once the game is running ---------------------------

9
ISSUE: game is hotseat

SOLUTION: requiring player identification, selectedvertex or edge need to come from the client with the command, getplayerbyid needs to have nulls fixed like positions, auth tokens

STATE: most of the refactor i will need to do once i can move to simultanous game, but during refactoring earlier i will add some elements, for now buildcommands are done ----------------------

10.
ISSUE: dto is passed and used 

SOLUTION: check out if i should have a model for it before i create a command, but i dont think so. 

STATE: i think meh but will need to check it once all is done, mainly i get green message it can be null even though i validate earlier

11
ISSUE: vertices and edges are stored in list

SOLUTION: i think dictionary might be a better choice, both for lookup and utility

STATE: i dont think i will want to bother with that, but important to remember for later games

12
ISSUE: selectedVErtex and edge are stored in application phase which won't work for multiplayer

SOLUTION: move cache to the client and modify the command shape

STATE: done, while doing it i also fixed some null issues that would be silent until testing out of client limits (vertexId: 560 or null), modified buildingsoptions to not be hardcoded, and fixed firstplayerid issues

13
ISSUE: game starts in initialphases, which means that first enter() is not executed, because of that first uimessage is not shown. 

SOLUTION: not sure if i want to bother with it for this game, i might just add this uimessage in the client enter, but for future games i will want to take it into consideration and start in a setupphase or send a setup signal. i will
check out if adding a uimessageslist to the return from a factory and a field to creategameresponse makes sense, but i prefer the first option

STATE: not sure if i want to fix it

14
ISSUE: same issue as in 12, but for year of plenty

SOLUTION: maybe use phase context? not sure about it, will get back to it and refactor all phase context in simultanous

STATE: can wait --------------------------------------------------------